"In this old binge of six events, completely purified all the obstacles, diseases, sicknesses,
and in this old order, completely all the obstacles of the nature of that, that your element, and
all the blessings,
all the things, every limit of this art, everyone has completely blessed, has removed their old
anger, yellows,
hated thoughts, and violence thoughts, or negative thoughts, completely removed, and filled their
hearts with love,
compassion, joy, and genuinely arises from their hearts and privileges to all the universe,
and the world, and the future land of the bodhicata, daily love and compassion also.
With those thoughts we chime in as a mantra, one mala, so I just won't count, but with those
thoughts we chime in as a mantra,
one mala, so I just won't count, but with those thoughts we chime in as a mantra, we chime in as a
mantra,
and we all have a mantra, one mala, so I just won't count, but we all have a mantra, one mala, so I
just won't count,
but with those thoughts we chime in as a mantra, one mala, so I just won't count, but with those
thoughts we chime in as a mantra,
one mala, so I just won't count, but with those thoughts we chime in as a mantra,
[BLANK_AUDIO]